Library: MQTT-SN Client library Gateway Search Support (#80021)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/net/mqtt_sn_publisher/README.rst

Build and Running
*****************

This sample application supports both static IP addresses and the Gateway Discovery process.
Open the :file:`prj.conf` file and set the IP addresses according
to the LAN environment. CONFIG_NET_SAMPLE_MQTT_SN_STATIC_GATEWAY can be used to select the
static IP or Gateway discovery process.

You will also need to start an MQTT-SN gateway. A convenience Docker Compose specification file

> is provided in :file:`compose/docker-compose.yaml`. First, Start the net-tools configuration from

Reviewer: typo in file name (you may actually want to call it docker-compose.yaml instead of just compose.yaml?), + use zephyr_file for it to be a proper link (and, incidentally, check that the referenced file actually exists :))

```suggestion
is provided in :zephyr_file:`samples/net/mqtt_sn_publisher/compose/compose.yaml`. First, Start the net-tools configuration from
```

Author: Added the `zephyr_file` change. Looked it up and `compose.yaml` is the recommended file name by Docker so leaving it at that :)
